Add naming convention config dummies (#1548)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1548.md

> - Modified Data, and Mesh names to match the naming convention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modified data and mesh names in solverdummy configuration to match naming conventions.
```
